##Learning Log Entry #1
What does the API response look like? What fields did you use? What was the trickiest part of getting fetch to work? If AI helped, what did it explain about async/await?
- During this stage, my main goal was to connect to the API successfully and understand how its data was structured. I used console.log to explore the JSON response after initially connecting to the data. This was hard to acheive because there were many objects but I focused on identifying the key fields I truly needed for this project. The hardest part was understanding how to properlyacess the data from the API's response. I learned how to acheive this through AI and learned  how async and await works in combination with fetch() through that.

##Learning Log Entry #2
How did you connect user input to API calls? What CSS layout did you use for displaying data? What design decisions did you make?
During this stage, I focused on ensuring the app was interactive and more visually appealing. I added a search feature to this so that users could type an artist and it would fetch results. This required me to combine event listeners with dynamic fetch requests. I additionally worked on improving the app's layout using a card based design in order to display artists and their information more clearly. I did this by structuring each artist to have a visually different section unique to them rather than just bluriting out raw data. 


##Learning Log Entry #3
What extension did you add? What edge cases did you handle? What surprised you about working with a real API?
- During this final stage, I focused on ensuring the app felt more complete and had a strong user experience. I did this by adding extra functionality such as a feature for users to save their favorite artists. I additinally worked on handling edge cases for when a user searches for something yet nothing comesto return any results. It made me realize how it's crucial to always check for missing values and errors. I've now realized the importance of how important it is to repeatedly test under different scenarios each code and make changes. One thing that surprised me about working with APIs is how umpredictable data can really be; it can often be very inconsistent and you have to consider that a lot. 

